"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
"Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do." - Oprah Winfrey
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live." - Jim Rohn
"You don’t have to be extreme, just consistent." - Unknown
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others." - Hasidic Proverb
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." - Dale Carnegie
"Opportunities don’t happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." - Steve Jobs
"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - Lao Tzu
"Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise." - Unknown
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." - Walter Elliot
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The harder the battle, the sweeter the victory." - Les Brown
"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh (Alice in Wonderland)
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." - Nelson Mandela
"Be so good they can’t ignore you." - Steve Martin
"The expert in anything was once a beginner." - Helen Hayes
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." - Unknown
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise." - Frank Ocean
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned." - Peter Marshall
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." - Jim Rohn
"You were born to be real, not to be perfect." - Unknown
"The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow." - Unknown
"Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions." - Mark Twain
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." - Sean Patrick Flanery
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"You are capable of more than you know." - Glinda, Wicked
"Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire." - Jennifer Lee
"Success doesn't come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently." - Marie Forleo
"Your limitation—it’s only your imagination." - Unknown
"Energy and persistence conquer all things." - Benjamin Franklin
"Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"You don’t find the happy life. You make it." - Camilla Eyring Kimball
"Progress is progress, no matter how small." - Unknown
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"Fear is temporary. Regret is forever." - Unknown
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." - Earl Nightingale